How Your Stupidity May Help Terrorists

Want to help fight Daesh? Make sure you're not doing more harm than good. Otherwise, you may as well
 be on their side. 

First, realize that you are a civilian stepping into a digital battlefield that is directly linked 
to a physical battlefield. If you DDOS an NSA-monitored deep web Daesh chat, you may well cut off 
actionable intelligence about where an ambush is being set up. You could be the cyber equivalent 
of a civilian poking his head out in a firefight, blocking a direct shot at a high value target. 

Second, consider whether you, personally, should be taking on this target. If you're reading this
 right now, your skills are complete shit compared to the white, grey, and blackhats hired by 
American and European government. You are a civilian learning to shoot an M-16, and they are the 
marines. So if you learn that there's a nest of heavily armed terrorists over the next hill, are 
you going to run in firing blindly to gain glory? Let them scatter and regroup somewhere more 
secure? Or are you going to tip off the guys with blackhawks and cruise missiles? For those who
 don't trust governments any under circumstances, at the very least you should make sure you've
 got backup that knows what they're doing.

Third, in the same way that drones blowing up random civilians helps terrorist recruitment, randomly 
targeting accounts without vetting your information can lead to the appearance of outright Islamophobia
 and harassment of muslims. Do you need to DDOS a website when you could just tell the admin they've got
 Daesh presence?

Fourth, when non-state actors have stopped terrorist attacks by Daesh, it was not through DDOS and report
ing twitter handles. It was by infiltration and gathering information. Tracking and geolocating tweets,
 not reporting accounts, stopped a Tunisian repeat of the Sousse beach massacre. And even in that case,
 the delta force of non-state actors tipped off the men with cruise missiles instead of taking the next plane to Tunisia. DDOS should be reserved for targets where it is self-evident that no intelligence can be gained from a source (example: a deep web site that does nothing but replay the same propaganda videos).

Fifth, ask yourself why you're doing this. If you could stop a terrorist attack tomorrow, would you be
 absolutely fine that no one ever found out? Do you feel that you are only “fighting terrorism” when
 you directly interfere with their lives, no matter how switfly (example: DDOS a forum or Rick Roll 
a hashtag)? Do you want to help, or do you want war stories? One mindset will make you an asset in 
fighting one of the world's greatest current threats. The other makes you worse than inactive; it 
makes you a liability.